New in doc: February 2025 (#2660)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/resources/new_in_doc.md

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in [[= product_name =]] documentation.

## February 2025

### Security

> - Expanded security recommendations to follow when working with [images submitted by users](images.md#configuring-image-variations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expanded security recommendations to follow when working with [images submitted by users](images.md#configuring-image-variations)
```

It's a bullet and we don't put fullstops at the end of bullets

### Date and time attributes

- Added documentation for the latest LTS Update: [Date and time attributes](date_and_time.md)

### Automated Translation

> - Added information about how you can install and extend the [Automated Translation](automated_translations.md) feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added information about how you can install and extend the [Automated Translation](automated_translations.md) feature
```

### Interactive demos

> - The [Form Builder](form_builder_guide.md#how-does-form-builder-work), [Page Builder](page_builder_guide.md#edit-page), and [Online Editor](online_editor_guide.md#what-is-online-editor) product guides now include interactive demos presenting these features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated [Form Builder](form_builder_guide.md#how-does-form-builder-work), [Page Builder](page_builder_guide.md#edit-page), and [Online Editor](online_editor_guide.md#what-is-online-editor) product guides by addng interactive demos that present these features
```

### Page Builder clipboard

- Described how you can use the [Page Builder's clipboard]([[= user_doc =]]content_management/create_edit_pages/#copy-blocks) to copy blocks between landing pages.

### REST API

> - Described endpoints for [Segment](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segments) and [Segment Group](http://localhost:8103/en/latest/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segment-groups) management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Described endpoints for [Segment](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segments) and [Segment Group](http://localhost:8103/en/latest/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segment-groups) management
```

> - Described endpoints for [Segment](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segments) and [Segment Group](http://localhost:8103/en/latest/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segment-groups) management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Described endpoints for [Segment](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segments) and [Segment Group](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/latest/api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#segment-groups) management.
```

- Described endpoints for [AI Action Configurations](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#ai-actions-list-action-configurations) and [AI Action Types](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#ai-actions-list-action-types)

> - Improved the example for [creating Orders](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#orders-create-order), showing how to pass shipping cost data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the example for [creating Orders](../api/rest_api/rest_api_reference/rest_api_reference.html#orders-create-order), to show how to pass shipping cost data
```

### HTTP Cache

> - Improved the VCL snippet to cache the first ESI request when [using Basic Auth with Fastly](fastly.md#enable-basic-auth-on-fastly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the VCL snippet to cache the first ESI request when [using Basic Auth with Fastly](fastly.md#enable-basic-auth-on-fastly)
```

> ### Search
> - The lists of [search criteria](search_criteria_reference.md) and [sort clauses](sort_clause_reference.md) have been expanded to show their support for [searching in Trash](search_in_trash_reference.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Search

- The lists of [search criteria](search_criteria_reference.md) and [sort clauses](sort_clause_reference.md) have been expanded to show their support for [searching in Trash](search_in_trash_reference.md).
```

> - The lists of [search criteria](search_criteria_reference.md) and [sort clauses](sort_clause_reference.md) have been expanded to show their support for [searching in Trash](search_in_trash_reference.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Expanded the lists of [search criteria](search_criteria_reference.md) and [sort clauses](sort_clause_reference.md) to show their support for [searching in Trash](search_in_trash_reference.md)
```

### Templating

> - The new [icon reference](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference) lists all the icons you can use when extending the back office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the [icon reference](icon_twig_functions.md#icons-reference) that lists all the icons you can use when extending the back office
```

> - The following Twig functions now support objects implementing the [`ContentAwareInterface`](../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-Values-Content-ContentAwareInterface.html) as arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated descriptions of the following Twig functions to mention their support for objects implementing the [`ContentAwareInterface`](../api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Core-Repository-Values-Content-ContentAwareInterface.html) as arguments:
```

    - [`ibexa_content_field_identifier_first_filled_image`](image_twig_functions.md#ibexa_content_field_identifier_first_filled_image)
    - [`ibexa_content_name`](content_twig_functions.md#ibexa_content_name)
    - [`ibexa_field_is_empty`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_field_is_empty)
    - [`ibexa_field_description`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_field_description)
    - [`ibexa_field_name`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_field_name)
    - [`ibexa_field_value`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_field_value)
    - [`ibexa_field`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_field)
    - [`ibexa_has_field`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_has_field)
    - [`ibexa_render_field`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_render_field)
    - [`ibexa_seo_is_empty`](content_twig_functions.md#ibexa_seo_is_empty)
    - [`ibexa_seo`](content_twig_functions.md#ibexa_seo)
    - [`ibexa_taxonomy_entries_for_content`](content_twig_functions.md#ibexa_taxonomy_entries_for_content-filter)
- Described new Twig filter for product attributes grouping: [`ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes`](product_twig_functions.md#ibexa_product_catalog_group_attributes)

### DDEV

> - Described how you can use the [Ibexa Cloud addons](ddev_and_ibexa_cloud.md#with-ibexa-cloud-add-ons) when working with [[= product_name_cloud =]] projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Described how you can use the [Ibexa Cloud addons](ddev_and_ibexa_cloud.md#with-ibexa-cloud-add-ons) when working with [[= product_name_cloud =]] projects
```

### [[= product_name_cloud =]]

> - Described how to [set up Composer authentication](install_on_ibexa_cloud.md#composer-authentication-using-the-web-console) when creating an [[= product_name_cloud =]] project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Described how to [set up Composer authentication](install_on_ibexa_cloud.md#composer-authentication-using-the-web-console) when creating an [[= product_name_cloud =]] project
```

#### PHP API

> The PHP API has been enhanced with the following new classes and interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced the PHP API with the following new classes and interfaces:
```
